# ut-sap-ecc-extract-job-definitions
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">This download is designed as a template to be adapted to your environment. In some cases, templates will need to be changed to work with your current Universal Automation Center (UAC) setup. This download is free to use. However, the download is not supported, and no warranty is provided by Stonebranch for this document and the related download. &nbsp;The use of this document and the related download is at your own risk. Before using this download in a production system, please perform testing.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">Stonebranch assumes no liability for any issues caused by the performance of this download.</p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;"><strong>Request Support:</strong></p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">Stonebranch offers paid support, by request, for select Universal Tasks. Paid support provides installation and on-going technical support. Universal Tasks that are eligible for paid support will be noted as &ldquo;support eligible&rdquo; within the Universal Task listing page. To learn more, please&nbsp;<a class="external-link" href="https://www.stonebranch.com/request-quote" rel="nofollow" style="color: rgb(0, 82, 204); text-decoration: none;">contact Stonebranch</a>.</p>
<h1 style="margin: 30px 0px 0px; padding: 0px; color: rgb(23, 43, 77); font-size: 24px; line-height: 1.25; letter-spacing: -0.01em; font-weight: normal; text-transform: none; border-bottom-color: rgb(28, 57, 94);">Overview</h1>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">This Universal Task allows you to export SAP Job definitions from SAP into one flat file for each Job selected for extraction. The Jobs definitions to extract from SAP are provided in a CSV input file saved in the Universal Controller script library. For each Job to extract the SAP Jobname and SAP Job count ID needs to be provided in the input file.</p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">The extracted SAP Job definition files can then by read by the Stonebranch Conversion Tool (CTK), which transitions each read Job definition file into an SAP Task. If the SAP Job was in status Released, meaning Start conditions had been defined in SAP for that Job, than automatically a time trigger with the scheduling criteria will be created by the transition tool. As result the transitioned SAP Task are ready to be scheduled in the same way as in SAP.</p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;">This document focuses on the Universal Task, which extracts the Job definitions from SAP. The Stonebranch Conversion Tool (CTK) to read the extracted Job definitions files and create SAP Tasks and related trigger from it is described in the&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.stonebranch.com/confluence/display/UC69/SAP" rel="nofollow" style="color: rgb(0, 82, 204); text-decoration: none;">CTK documentation</a>.</p>
<p style="margin: 10px 0px 0px; padding: 0px;"><br style="color: rgb(23, 43, 77); font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, &quot;Segoe UI&quot;, Roboto, Oxygen, Ubuntu, &quot;Fira Sans&quot;, &quot;Droid Sans&quot;, &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;"></p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>
Please visit this link to find key features, prerequisites, installation instructions, configuration instructions, and examples of how to use this integration. 
<a href="https://docs.stonebranch.com/confluence/display/UC69/UAC+-+SAP+Extract+Job+Definitions">UAC - SAP Extract Job Definitions</a>.&nbsp;</li>

